this every third Thursday is awesome
we're giving you an inside look at what
it takes to build a pro snowboard with
one of the world's best and our new team
writer John Jackson we got John we got
sleds we got camping gear it's time for
another utt oh shut up burgers let's go
this is every third Thursday chance for
us to have some fun in our factory get
creative with board design of materials
just get sponsored theme building you
can ride whatever someone gives you get
used to it or you can make the sickest
board and that's what we're doing so
this is a great example of what we'll
get from a rider you get basically a
sketch a lot of times a notepad John's a
little more specific so mark will pull
it into his program and basically
recreate that tip and tail profile
radiuses for John's board are different
than anything we've ever done here in
Sigma this is the actual core over here
and this is the core scaled up ten times
so we can see how it varies throughout
the length of it it starts out very thin
we got some nice radiuses in here and
then plateaus and gets a little bit
thinner towards the center of the core
John just submitted his graphics today
from a friend of his out of Venice
California I love that we're doing a
series of five boards and the graphic
spreads over each one so each one's
different and a little abstract it kind
of has to do with the evolution of time
and being in the present and looking
forward to the future
it's really fun making a board that you
know is going to get written like
nothing else
you know this board is going to be put
through the test for this board we're
going to be using mostly Polonia with a
little bit of poplar strangers in the
middle person pop Polonia is a super
fast growing tree that's super light and
we're using it for John's for because we
want to be as light as possible
I made these sidewalls out of a
high-strength polyurethane these unlike
ABS do not need a be flame treated and
they create a better ball here's the
aluminum tip and tail block we currently
use for all our boards for John's board
it's getting exciting because we're
doing a whole new tip and tail profile
Carbonite carbon
I don't rat laying up like a whole new
shape mony board feels good
looks really good
oh my God look at that that look
beautiful - this is like the best board
you've ever made right this is insane
heading up to mammoth it just started
snowing right now it's May there's a
foot of powder up there and we're on our
way to go get it
we're up here in Sonora Pass with John J
is pulling the sleds off of the truck
right now we're gonna abba round find
some stuff to hit we brought his board
up we've been working hard on it we
built it from scratch with John's
dimensions and everything that he wanted
into this board so I'm really excited
for him to check it out so yeah I mean
there's just so many different kinds of
boards and depends on what your riding
like this for me is just the ultimate
board like I got to ride this what like
halfway through the season yep
yah I gave Dave these dimensions and
then and then he cranked one out in like
three days
man it's this is the sickest Lord I've
ever eaten
it's really light yeah we've been
playing with a few different cores
amazing flex amazing construction this
is like your ultimate charger board it's
so fun and ride then you get on this
thing and all of a sudden you feel like
it just clicks you like five steps ahead
decided to take the new board out test
it out in some fresh snow fresh board
I'm so stoked
what
it's been really cool testing up boards
and getting prototypes all season and
just having a vision for a board that I
want and honestly riding other boards to
that you know I'm like what do I like
about this and I haven't ridden in a
little while so to be able to come to
signal get back on some and really build
the perfect board is an opportunity that
hasn't coming around and I feel really
pretty cool
I love the fact that John came in and
immediately just pushed our factory to
be better seen wow the possibilities
what we could build really got my wheels
turning and thinking like we could do
anything here you know so it's rad to be
able to experiment with boards like that
and get your perfect board and try new
things
honestly this is the best board I've
ever reading I'm so psyched for next
year writing that thing
super fun camping fun slide and button
hanging out with the boys
dude Dave Lee and Mark yeah